Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today
The federal
government announced
it will declare
bankruptcy in the next 90...
Flags continue to be flown at
half-mast in the U.S. capital...
...have
significantly deteriorated...
...developing
global recession.
...and sustained
an ultimately disastrous war.
What do I remember?
I remember reading
about a scientist.
He had a thing
for cats and boxes.
What he'd do is take a cat and lock it in a box.
And then, just to
make things interesting,
he'd also put this machine in
there that released poison gas.
Now, the scientist
didn't actually know
when the machine
would release the poison
and when it wouldn't.
The only way
he could tell for sure
was to look inside the box.
Here's the science bit.
Until he opened it up,
he figured the cat had to be alive
and dead.
See, if either one
was possible,
then both had to be
possible, too.
Ever since I read
about that cat,
I can't get the story
out of my head.
Don't get me wrong,
I don't give a fuck about the plight of small,
furry animals.
I just don't understand.
How can anything be alive
and dead at the same time?
Are you ready for tonight's entertainment?
Yeah,
go, go, go, go.
Mr. Smythe?
I'm from The Union.
Holy fuck!
Wait! Okay? Just wait.
No worries. Keep it holstered.
Everything's okay.
l can pay.
Sorry, that's not
my department.
Hey.
Hey!
Don't you
fucking touch me.
No need
for violence, miss.
Henry Smythe,
l am legally bound to ask you
if you would like
an ambulance on standby
in order to take you
to hospital.
Nope?
Okay.
My job is simple.
Can't pay for your car,
the bank takes it back.
Can't pay for your house,
Can't pay for your liver,
well, that's where I come in.
Good morning, everybody.
I'm Eric Fitzsimmons.
And I'm Sabrina Kenn.
From around the globe and around the corner,
here's what's happening
in your world this morning.
Some big news coming in
from Nigeria this morning.
That's in Africa.
Now,
of course, you know
that we've already got
10,000, 15,000 soldiers
over there, waiting
at the Nigerian border.
Come home soon.
Well, not too soon. Word's coming in
that the 34th Armored
Division has arrived,
and they're ready to start
the sixth phase of the war.
Operation
Hope Springs Eternal.
Uh-uh-uh! Don't drink
out of the bottle.
He does.
Well, you don't.
I'm late.
Can you take him?
Sure.
Thank you.
...first place
at yesterday's annual
Coney Island hot dog eating contest.
Can you say "indigestion"?
Peter, leave it.
You got everything?
Yeah.
Dad, I'm okay from here.
All right.
Have a good day.
Okay.
Almost every job I do
ends the exact same way.
Some whimper. Some cry.
Some even laugh.
But in the end, they all do
the same horizontal mambo,
twitching and thrusting their
way into the great beyond.
Hey,
watch the suit!
Sorry, sir. I didn't know that was you.
Sorry about that.
The Union,
helping you get more you out of you.
In years past,
nearly 200,000 people
waited on organ transplant
lists at any given time,
hoping for someone else to die
so that they
could possibly live.
But thanks to modern
biomedical science,
the days of waiting
and praying are over.
...where the artiforg is
expertly and cleanly inserted
with minimal
invasion and scarring.
Now, if you can't afford the
full payment of $618,429,
we can offer monthly
installments at an APR of 19.6%,
standard for a generic pancreatic unit.
Frank Mercer,
Union Manager.
l understand
you have concerns.
Affordability.
lt's only natural.
First of all, let me
just reassure you
that our credit department will
find a plan that fits your lifestyle.
And should you
fall behind,
there is a three-month
grace period.
Not until after the sixth day of
the fourth month of nonpayment
will we retrieve the property,
at our own expense, of course,
utilizing our skilled
and licensed technicians.
Now, I'm not sure what you've
heard on the 6:00 news,
but this almost
never happens.
l got to tell you,
you owe it to your family.
You owe it
to yourself.
Now, if you could
just sign here, here,
and initial here,
we can get started.
He'll sign it.
Everybody signs it.
All right.
Ears, ears, ears.
Goddamn ears
again. Shit.
A job's a job, right?
I'm just saying, ears,
four times in a row.
Fucking probation
ain't fair.
Wasn't fair what you did to that
woman on the subway, was it?
Yeah. Well, you weren't there,
were you?
Hey, my sister's kid,
he wants in. He's a good kid.
Talk to Frank.
Yeah, but I figured l'd get a recommendation
from you, you know? Level Five?
l don't know
the kid, do l?
You're killing me,
coming in the front like that.
l got guys trying to make sales out there,
l don't need you on the floor spooking clients,
all right?
We want them buying,
not thinking.
Six paid-in-fulls this week.
You know what that means?
No. What, Frank?
They see you,
they start turning down the loans
and coming up with the cash.
We don't make money when they pay in full.
Right, pal?
What do you got?
- Liver.
What's that?
Liver.
What, are you hanging out
at AA meetings?
Day's count, give it up, buddy.
What's the magic number?
Not today, Jake.
Wrong answer.
Jake Freivald kicked my ass in the fourth grade.
It wasn't exactly fair,
seeing as he was in the
fourth grade for the third time.
Maybe he didn't appreciate
the rhyme scheme.
But he had to admire
an aspiring writer
who could give
as good as he got.
After the war, a job at the Union was a
perfect match for our specialized skill-set.
The recruiter told us we were protecting
America's medical establishment.
We didn't care
who we were protecting.
Fuck!
Hey, come on.
Come on, come on.
Here you go!
Two livers
and a Jarvik!
You got to stop nicking
these bar codes, Jake!
Won't happen
again, boss!
You okay, man? You okay?
I'm working with
fucking children.
Come on, let's go hit a few.
Yeah, all right.
l've got to tell Carol.
Of course you do.
So, did you talk
to Frank today?
About moving
over to sales?
No, I didn't get
a chance.
What?
You mean when you were standing next to him?
Right.
Right, l'll talk to him on Monday.
You know, you're turning me into a horrible,
naggy bitch.
You were always
a horrible, naggy bitch.
Just get him out of here.
See you later.
Yeah.
Come on.
That went well.
Maybe next time she'll
crochet you a set of balls.
What do you think?
Come test-drive the most advanced
neural sensory replicator,
The Union's M.5 Neural Net.
Sweet dreams
are made of these.
Stay super dry.
You know what
this is about, right?
lt's about control.
She's trying to control you.
l mean,
you got to move from Repo to sales,
that's like cutting your pay in half, man. Half.
She thinks sales
is more stable.
Nine to five, no late nights.
l'll be home more often.
Buddy, you and me,
we're always gonna be Repo.
Check out fatty.
You know his organs
went out a long time ago.
Twenty bucks
says he's overdue.
Yeah, I'm in.
20 bucks.
Deadbeat?
Almost.
Pancreas. Two days.
Oi! How's your
pancreas holding up?
l sent the money in
this morning.
You better hope
you did.
48 hours,
your organ's mine.
Slow down, mate.
You're gonna need a new heart, as well.
P. Morton?
That's Patrick Morton.
The guy from Company C?
Yeah.
Here, let me see it.
The bastard... Bastard,
he still lives with his parents.
Did you ever repo
anybody you know?
l had to do
my granddad.
What are you
laughing about?
You try to explain that to your grandmother.
Fuck you,
you didn't.
l would. I would, on Day 96,
if they gave me the pink sheet.
l know you would.
A job's a job, right?
Yeah, a job's a job.
Now you say
you're sorry
Hey, you want another beer or something?
Oh, man.
For being so untrue
Stare any longer,
you'll be married by the weekend.
Well, you can
cry me a river
Cry me a river
I'm gonna go start
a fight or something.
I cried a river over you
Well, you can cry me a river
Cry me a river
I cried a river over you
Hiya.
Remember this?
Jimmy T-Bone?
Hmm?
Peter's sleeping.
Well, we'll turn it down
and use our quiet voices.
Music's too loud.
Peanut.
Peanut. Wake up.
You awake? Hi.
Hi.
How was school?
We learned
about the Romans.
Mmm?
l made the club.
l can see.
One for you, too.
Thanks.
Weren't these
from medieval times?
Yeah.
Mrs. Begs is making
me redo the project.
Well, if she says redo it,
you better redo it.
l hate the Romans.
Aw, that's a shame.
The Romans
were real badass.
You know, they used to make
people fight with lions.
Mrs. Begs says they used to burn down
all the villagers when they attacked them.
She's right. Scorched earth.
Stones at the enemy.
Pretty effective tactic.
Hey, Dad?
What?
Why did the Romans
stone people to death?
'Cause they didn't
have any guns.
Mmm.
Go to sleep.
Good night.
l don't want to stifle you, but,
you know,
you might wanna turn them
over just a little bit more.
Well, if people ate them as
quickly as I'm cooking them,
they wouldn't burn,
would they?
All right. Hey, hey.
Hot dogs! Charbroiled.
Save me one
of those, all right?
Kind of crispy.
Yeah?
No,
this is not a good time,
I'm not at home.
What do you want?
Nobody eats the salad.
No one ever eats
beetroot salad.
l told you not to
waste your money on it.
Okay, l'll
call you back. Bye.
l need to...
l need to borrow your grill master for a minute.
Give me your apron.
What?
l got a mobile coming here right now.
You want some of this?
To my house? Fuck, no.
The guy's six months overdue.
No.
lt's a double commission.
l'll give you half.
Half.
I'm paying you
for a full ride.
l just want to get to
the Fairmont downtown.
Don't worry.
You'll be done in a minute.
Two minutes. Tops.
Two minutes, tops.
Yeah.
Where's the case?
Front closet.
You're a saint.
l know.
He's gone to
get more meat.
Who's that guy?
Relax, fellow.
He's a friend of mine.
He's a friend
of yours?
Hey, come on, man. Come on,
let me out of here! Open the door!
Come on, man!
Thanks a lot, man.
Where are you going?
Getting a jacket.
l'll get you a...
Carol!
Hey. I could have gotten you a coat,
for goodness' sake.
What the fuck do you think you're doing?
I'm stepping away, right now.
Get this out of here!
No, no. He's gone.
He's out of here.
Love, come on.
lt's just a kidney.
He's got another one. He's fine.
- Jake?
He's fine.
Jake.
Peter, turn off
the phone!
Give me that.
Where are you
going?
Where are you going?
Oh, come on, not this.
Let's talk about it, huh?
Slow down, let's talk about it.
Make a decision.
l went as fast
as I could, man.
Yeah,
l know you did.
l'll have to have
that talk with Frank.
Did you hear about
that new M.5 Neural Net?
No. You've been reading those
fucking pamphlets again?
l saw it
at a trade show.
The damn thing,
it takes over the whole limbic system.
Brain damage, stroke,
you name it, it doesn't matter.
They hook you up,
and then it's like
you're living the rest of your life in a dream.
Yeah?
How do you
get it out?
Hold on a second.
Wait, wait, wait!
Whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa!
Shit.
What?
We got a nest.
All right, fine. lf you want,
you can go in first on this one.
What's that? A favor? Of course I'm
going in first. You went first last time.
No... lt's simple mathematics.
You either have the money,
or you don't have the money.
You have the money,
l'll find you a seat on the boat.
Listen to me.
You gotta listen to me.
There's a bank
in Buenos Aires,
at the corner of Cacao and Santa Fe!
There's a woman there...
Raid!
Call it.
Ten.
I'm going to
beat you by two.
Where you going?
Where you going? I just got here.
And you! Now you!
Are you having fun yet?
Wake up! Wake up!
The Force is strong, Luke.
You all right?
What are you doing?
l thought you needed help.
l had him.
Didn't you see I had my knife in his side?
l knocked him down.
He goes on my count.
You're joking me, right? Jake.
l've been working on this guy for 10 minutes!
Ten minutes l've been working on this guy.
You gonna come in here
and just hit him on the side
of the head with a pipe?
Jake.
Look, you're not
taking a life.
You're keeping
The Union viable,
so we can
continue to give...
Conquering heroes have
returned with their spoils!
All right.
What do you got?
Eighteen hosts.
32 forgs.
Thirty-two and a half!
- Half?
Midget.
Little people.
Please, I have a cousin.
We found a boat heading out of port.
Look at these.
Two of them had
scanning jammers.
We pinged them,
they read free and clear.
l opened them anyway.
They had three forgs each.
Stupid bastards will try anything.
Mmm.
Thirty-two forgs.
Pretty impressive, boys.
You ever think about doing
this on a regular basis?
Spec?
Yeah!
You run your own ship.
Take down these nests.
Don't have to deal with me
and the pink sheets anymore.
You two riding around together,
kicking ass, taking names.
l can talk to Corporate,
see if they'd bump up the commissions a bit.
What do you think, man?
What do you think, buddy?
Forget it.
Actually, Frank,
l've been meaning to talk
to you about something.
Something...
Yeah. Forget that.
Find somebody else.
Just get us
our pink sheets.
Suit yourself.
Okay, look. Can I just
ask you something?
Mmm-hmm.
What do you think
keeps a world like this's
shit together?
lt's not magic.
lt's not.
lt's rules.
lt's people abiding by the terms of
the deals that they sign themselves.
lt's rules.
You know what's more important
than the rules, though?
lt's the enforcement
of those rules.
l mean, we got a responsibility,
you and me.
l mean, what we do,
l mean, maybe it's small,
l don't know,
but it matters.
lt matters.
l'd actually work
less hours.
You're sure about this?
A job's a job,
right?
A job's a job.
Just make sure that
they give you hazard pay.
You'll be sitting next to Frank,
in some booth,
telling some
cancer-riddled prick,
"You owe it to your family.
You owe it to yourself."
There's a good chance you'll
choke on your own vomit.
You should go finish
that T-Bone job.
Yeah.
lt'll be your last hurrah.
Get Carol a chance to blow off
some steam at the same time.
You ready to go after
the Patrick Morton's?
l was there this morning.
He said to say hi.
You didn't do it?
l did it. He said
to say hi before that.
Jake's right.
And if this is
going to be my last job,
then they don't come
much better than Jimmy T-Bone.
Every day
Will be like a holiday
l've been listening to his music
since I was in high school.
And the way I see it,
at least he's gonna get
his heart ripped out
by someone who
appreciates his music.
When my baby comes home
lt's a nice house.
Thanks.
Not really mine
anymore.
You from the lRS?
No.
Soul suckers,
taking everything back.
Mmm.
So am l.
Uh...
Can I finish this song?
Yeah. Of course.
I'm a bit of a fan,
actually.
Yeah? Good.
You can help me out.
l don't...
l don't know.
l wouldn't be much help.
lt's not
that complicated.
A song is just a bunch of separate tracks,
all working together.
Just got to know
when to break it down.
You know, pull it out,
one thing at a time.
Well, I can do that.
And every day, oh, yeah
Will be like a holiday
Oh, yes, it will
When my baby
When my baby comes home
That's a motherfucking
hit right there.
lRS will be thrilled.
Can you make sure
my boy Terrance
at Blue Note
Records get this?
lt's done.
Now,
I'm legally bound
to ask if you would like
an ambulance on standby,
in order to take you
to the hospital.
And, what,
they gonna give me a new heart?
Christ, no,
not with your credit history.
l know, it's a
chicken-and-egg thing.
There's a
complaints department.
Nah, man, nah.
Let's just...
Will I sit or stand?
Easier if you lie down.
What the fuck
is that, man?
My defib unit.
Jarvik stops pumping when you
give it a jolt with electricity.
Saves me from
losing my finger.
Hold on, hold on. ls this...
ls this going to hurt?
You won't feel a thing.
l have been knocked unconscious
on four separate occasions.
Knockout number one,
military training.
Head back for
the concussion test.
What test?
Congratulations, son.
You've got a very small brain.
Small brains,
big skulls.
That's why they put us
in a tank.
Fire-fucking-power!
Target sighted!
Fire on will!
That's you!
Oh, shit!
lt fucking disappeared!
Here, right?
And then one night,
the war was over.
And there we were,
all dressed up and nowhere to go.
You see, for us,
the war never ended.
It just changed venue.
Beauty!
Come on!
Come and get it!
That takes care
of number two.
And this
is knockout number three.
He's waking up.
Hey.
Looking good.
Looking real good.
You gave us
a big scare, buddy.
The client?
Look at this guy.
Two seconds out of a coma,
and he's worried about the pink sheet.
You scare me, pal.
Don't worry,
we'll get him.
Carol?
She left
a while back, buddy.
l don't
remember.
Faulty shock unit.
Frank's got the guys back at the
shop looking into that right now.
Huh? What is it?
l mean, you know that I will be here,
no matter what.
l would change your fucking
diapers if you needed me to.
But we got some business that
we got to discuss right now.
Oh, sure. Look...
Jake, he does my work
until I get back on my feet.
You're a very lucky man,
you know that?
What you're
looking at here
is the new Jarvik 39 heart module,
top of the line.
No.
Oh, yes.
No, no, no.
Ten billion beat warranty.
lt's got
the no-rust valves...
Get it out.
Get it out, Jake.
You got hit pretty hard.
All you got is scar tissue
in there right now.
l feel fine!
'Cause the unit's already doing its work.
All you have to do
is sign a few papers.
They can take out the meat,
put in the new forg,
sew you up
better than new.
The warranty alone
on this baby...
Don't you sell me.
I'm not a fucking client!
Of course
you're not.
You're the best Repo
in this whole damn town.
But you gotta have a ticker
to play the game, am I wrong?
You got to do what you got to do, buddy.
Take care of yourself.
You owe it
to your family.
You owe it to yourself.
What? What did I say?
You're an asshole, man.
Sir?
Sir, that's
hospital property.
Buddy? Come on.
Let's go back inside, all right?
Now you're just
being childish.
Well, that should
take care of your pain
and help the artiforg
assimilate into your body.
You got it for three more days,
and then it's cold turkey.
Carol?
The lock's broken.
My key works fine.
Where are you going?
That's a bit
extreme, isn't it?
l told you to
make a decision.
You made it when
you did another job.
Can I see Peter?
Come on, Carol.
I'm sorry.
Who's out here ringing my bell?
Damn kids.
Hey, man! Get your
convalescent ass in here.
Thanks again
for this, yeah?
You're home, man.
You're home. Yeah. Yeah.
And your timing's
perfect, all right?
15 minutes,
the game starts.
Remember that Chinese
chick from downstairs?
Yeah.
Her.
Well, she's coming up
to watch the game,
and she's bringing
a friend.
And her friend is hot.
I'm giving her to you.
But can I just say
one thing, though?
This place here
is the happy, happy room.
Listen. You know, man,
l'd love to hang out,
but I think it's better
if I just sleep.
Great.
You wanna sleep? Yeah.
No problem.
But one other thing.
What?
The guys all
missed you so much,
we thought we'd get you
a little welcome-back present.
l'd like to introduce
Harry the Heart.
Hello!
What are you
doing in my house?
Mr. Erikson,
I'm from The Union.
Stop! No!
All hail the
conquering hero!
- Hey.
- Nice.
Welcome back.
Big stuff.
You gonna keep me
in suspense,
or you gonna tell me
the details?
What happened?
lt was standard. Standard job.
lt was easy. You know,
the usual. Pleading, a few tears.
Oh, man,
l had this guy last week, right?
As soon as the guy sees me,
he starts bawling like a little girl.
And this snot bubble,
it starts growing out of his nose.
And the more he cried,
the bigger it got.
Bigger and smaller,
bigger and smaller. He's like...
I'm like, "Whoa!
Okay." I'm like,
"Whoa, whoa,
slow down, slow down."
Listening to Jake
swapping stories
about some schmuck
and his overdue liver,
all I can think about is how
that schmuck has a name
and a wife
and kids.
Hey, Peanut.
Hey.
How are you?
Good.
How's school?
Okay, I guess.
Only okay?
Peter.
Go inside.
You listen to your mum.
Go back inside.
Okay.
lt'd be good to talk.
Carol.
Carol!
lf I could come in
for just a minute...
Something
changed.
Frank just called.
He said you never turned in that pink.
You told me there was
no problem, right?
You said that there was...
lt was an easy job.
Right?
Hey, hey,
l get it, I get it.
No problem. I understand.
l mean, everybody
needs a break, right?
No time at all,
you're gonna be back on your game.
You're gonna be
knocking them dead.
Mr. Timmons,
you owe it to your family,
you owe it to yourself.
l made some moussaka.
l want you to try
this béchamel sauce.
I'm falling behind
on payments.
l really need
to make some cash.
Do what you got to do.
Gotta make
some money, right?
Yeah.
But you get it out of your system.
All right?
Of course, if you
can't pay the bills,
some Union man will break into your
house in the middle of the night,
slice you open from the collarbone
to the pelvis with a scalpel
and reclaim
our property.
I'm just saying.
Clearly, I'm not
cut out for sales.
And this new heart's accumulating
interest with every beat.
Hello. Uh,
can we have your liver?
Most people don't know
when they're gonna die.
I have exactly
six days, three hours
and between 20
and 30 minutes,
depending on how punctual
my Repo Man is feeling.
It's amazing how fast
90 days go by.
Fuck!
We're supposed
to be partners.
And you're just fucking up our shit.
You know that?
You're fucking up
everything.
Don't you see that?
We've always
been lucky here.
The metal graveyard's
a fucking treasure chest.
Thirty minutes,
you're going to be back on top.
You're gonna see,
all right?
lt's a black hole.
That's all it is.
There it is, on a platter.
Esophagus. Five months over.
Okay, no, you're not
ready to do a kid.
Fine, fine.
Hey, hey,
where are you going?
Liver and kidneys.
You want me to start?
All right, Jake.
You've done this
a thousand times!
What the fuck is
wrong with you?
You stay right here
until you get this done.
Then you find
another one.
You find another one.
You get as many as you can.
l want you to
get over this hump.
You do this.
Part of me,
most of me,
doesn't mind too much
if this is how it ends.
'Cause it's over anyway.
For those still counting,
this is knockout number four.
Well, you can cry me a river
Cry me a river
I cried a river over you
Now you say you're sorry
For being so untrue
Miss?
Well, you can cry
me a river
Cry me...
Hey, where did you
hear that song?
Miss?
How do you know
that song?
And dream of days we...
l know you.
In three days,
they can legally come take my heart.
I may not be making
the best use of my time.
Two days of withdrawal.
It's not like I can't see
the dirt or the scars
or the Q stains
on her lips.
I should leave.
But for some reason, I can't.
I saw an interview
with a serial killer once.
Said it took him six years
to work up to his first kill.
The second, a year.
The third, just a week.
Once that dam broke,
it was a flood.
Making people die,
it had become second nature.
Apparently, it also works
the other way round.
How you feeling?
Stop!
Stop! Stop it!
l didn't ask
for your help!
What did you want me to do,
leave you on the street?
You're as fucked as me.
Maybe not.
lt took me a while,
but I think I finally understood
why the scientist
put the cat in the box.
He was trying to
tell us something.
We're all alive.
We're all dead.
We're all that cat.
But we have to make a choice.
We either purr
and lick ourselves
and wait for the poison
to put us down
or we scream and scratch
and claw our way right out
of the top of that damn box.
You get nine hearts
when I wasn't looking?
My uncle was a bank robber.
l ever tell you that?
Made a mess
of the west coast,
knocking over savings
and loans, you know.
And he was good
at it.
Nobody ever knew
a damn thing.
He thought
he was home free.
He woke up
in the morning,
went to work
at the auto shop.
But every once
in a while,
he'd skip out for lunch,
pull on a ski mask, rob a bank.
Then one day, the cops
came knocking at his door.
Let me guess.
He was relieved.
No, he was
fucking pissed.
He went soft.
He was off his game.
And he knew it.
Who do you think Frank's gonna send after me?
Ray?
Probably Ray.
l don't know.
Maybe me.
Mmm.
A job's a job.
You still believe that?
Peter?
Peter.
Dad?
Yeah.
Hey, listen,
I'm going away for a while.
It means I won't be able to
pick you up on Saturdays.
But I'll think about you
every day that goes by.
See you
on Saturday.
What happened?
We got to leave.
What?
l got caught trying
to clear your forgs.
Now they'll want to know
where the rest of them are.
You're clear.
You can leave me here.
l'll be fine on my own. lt's okay.
l did yours first.
l didn't get to mine.
Are you coming?
The thing is,
l have an artificial heart,
and she has an artificial
everything else.
Maybe we're two parts
of the same puzzle.
Maybe it's not just her
I'm trying to save.
Why you giving this to me?
l figured you'd
want the option.
Was I wrong?
Give it to
somebody else.
You want it?
Didn't your eyes
used to be brown?
Opticor 202, with
kaleidoscope enhancement.
How do you keep track of all
those things you've got in there?
Let's see.
Pancreas and kidneys
from the diabetes.
One went bad
outside warranty.
l had to go black market
on the replacement.
Liver, stomach and lungs,
thanks to Q habit.
Knee from
the car accident.
Upgrades. l've got
eyes, ears, voice box.
Jackson Reproductive Replacement System,
release 5.3.
Lady Mystique model.
Comes in six sparkling colors.
Stop.
Flexor Dura-Joints.
Billion step warranty.
Stop.
Ask me about my lips.
What brand
are your lips?
They're all me.
Happy birthday.
lt's not
my birthday.
Birthday.
Happy birthday.
l didn't get you
anything.
Yeah, you did.
There was a man
from Troubadour
who got blown up
during the war.
He did not die,
would not concede.
So what is it
I'm writing?
It's not just
some crappy memoir
or even an attempt at apologizing
for everything I've done.
This is a cautionary tale.
I hope that you might learn
from my mistakes.
'Cause in the end,
a job is not just a job.
It's who you are.
And if you want to change
who you are,
well, first,
you have to change
what you do.
There was a man
from Troubadour
who got blown up
during the war.
He did not die,
would not concede.
How many artiforgs
did he need?
Here.
Thanks.
Stomach, bladder,
pancreas, eyes, intestines.
So, what is it?
A novel? Epic poem?
Thoughts.
lt's just
stuff.
And it's not finished.
What?
Somebody's coming.
You don't hear it?
What are you doing?
Put them on.
...who got blown
up during the war.
He did not die,
would not concede.
How many artiforgs
did he need?
Stomach, bladder,
pancreas,
eyes, intestines, liver,
blood, guts, head!
Get down!
Who's that?
Landlord, come
to collect.
Grab the
typewriter!
There's a fire escape.
No, no! Downstairs.
What the fuck is this?
This is bullshit.
l thought you were
a Level Five.
Quite honest,
I'm...
I'm a little
disappointed.
You're disappointed?
They sent the ear guy after me,
imagine how I feel.
That's a good one.
You'll be laughing out of the
other side of your mouth
when I have your
heart in my hand.
Shit. Beth! Get back!
Beth!
No!
Fuck!
Shit.
Oh, shit!
lt hurts!
Beth, get out of there.
Come on, get out!
Welcome back.
Whose car is this?
The landlord's.
l borrowed it.
You're leaking quite
a bit of fluid there.
l can fix it.
Where are we going?
We're gonna pick up
some supplies.
Where'd you find
all that stuff?
When you're on the streets long enough, babe...
There.
"What do you do for a living?"
"I'm a fucking lung. Can you believe that shit?
"lt's ridiculous, right?"
Great example
he's setting.
You all right?
Never been better.
l'll be
five minutes.
Attention,
shoppers. This month only...
Hey, Larry.
Hi, Larry!
Watch it, kid.
lf you ever want
to make Repo,
keep your fucking
head up.
What the fuck
do you want?
Afternoon, boss.
l should have given you
that lung job.
You look good
in that thing.
Yeah? lt itches
like a motherfucker.
Yeah, that's what
the kid said, too.
Nice Taser.
Yours?
No.
Nor is that.
l'll do that
to the next one.
The one after.
The one after that.
l guarantee, you'll
run out of Repo Men
before I run out of ways
of killing them.
Great, great.
This is just great.
Do you have any idea what
this makes me look like?
One of my own guys
jumping credit, huh?
Yeah.
Now take me
out of the system.
Fine. Give me
your heart.
l said take me
out of the system.
And I said give me
your goddamn heart.
For Christ's sake,
you sound like one of them,
whining and begging.
There is no way out of the system!
You screwed that up
when you pulled your little
stunt with the bar codes!
Yeah! That's right,
Einstein!
They pulled all
the local scanners!
Now every artiforg reclaim has
to go back to the main office,
get scanned in
behind the pink door!
So, unless you're thinking
about breaking into Corporate,
give me
your fucking heart!
Or,
and there is
an option here,
we could sit down
and talk this out.
You know,
maybe come up with a plan that fits your...
We're leaving.
Where are we going?
Kenya. South America.
Anywhere The Union isn't.
The airport?
No one gets out through the airport.
lt's impossible.
Not with these.
l don't get it.
How'd he get in here?
He was wearing
the damn lung costume.
I'm glad you
find this amusing,
'cause now
he's yours.
Where's my
goddamn shirt, huh?
A job's a job, right?
Your attention, please.
Hold there.
Forward. Thank you. Now boarding,
Flight 2701 to São Paulo, Brazil
Sir?
Forward,
please. Hold there.
If you are a passenger on that flight,
please proceed to Gate 29.
Thank you.
What if it
doesn't work?
lt has to work.
Should I check it?
No. No.
You really don't want to be
found with a jammer in here.
l looked at him.
- Huh?
Shit.
A little holiday?
Uh, funeral.
You done with that?
Have a nice day.
Thank you.
Forward, please.
Hold there.
Thank you.
Forward.
Sir, forward,
please.
Hold there.
Thank you.
Forward.
That was fun.
Thank you.
- Honey, look.
Excuse me, miss?
Your leg's bleeding.
Come on.
Ma'am, do you need
some assistance?
I'm okay. Thank you.
She's fine. Thanks.
We can't let you fly like this.
Sorry?
Sir, there's blood
all over the floor.
We need to get her cleaned up.
I'm fine, really.
ls that really necessary?
The quicker we get this done,
the quicker you can
get on the plane.
l promise you,
she's all right. Let's go.
This way, please. Come on.
We still gonna make the plane?
Absolutely.
These tickets refundable?
l have no idea, sir.
So when's
the last boarding, then?
l don't know, sir.
Okay, let's take a look at that leg.
Doctor told her
to take it easy.
She doesn't listen
to anyone.
lt's okay.
lt happens all the time.
That's him.
You don't want
to do that.
Everybody's got to be
a fucking hero.
We got to dump this car,
get you a new kneecap. Hold on.
l know someone who can help.
He's outside the Union.
ls he a vulture?
We don't have any choice.
Believe me,
it's the last place I want to go.
This is a bad idea.
He always left me
a key up here.
How well did you
know this guy?
I gave her my loving
She gave me blue balls
I gave her my money...
Put it away.
l gave her
the thing a man...
Asbury.
Little, little
Miss Muffet.
Don't call me that.
We need your help.
Why'd you have to
drag me a U-man, huh?
I'm not with them anymore.
Why? Did you quit
or was he quitted?
Got my cookies?
Yeah, I got
your cookies.
Don't touch
anything, U-man.
Come on,
stop your whining.
l was thinking of you
when I tweaked this.
He always left me a key up here... Asbury...
Don't call me that.
Universal remote. Vocal auto-playback
with an eight-hour buffer, man.
I'm telling you,
this is gonna be a head-blaster at all the parties.
Mark my words.
l see you haven't changed.
Well, no, I haven't.
Have you?
You pay
for these?
What'd you say?
Did you pay for these?
Pay for yours?
That's different.
Yeah, how's that different, U-man, huh?
I'm Robin Hood, baby.
I'm Jesus, I'm Gandhi.
l can lift the valve from some fresh
meat and then drop it in a new client
for half the cost. Bottom line,
l don't kill my clients.
l wait for them to die.
What do you do to your clients when
you're finished with them, huh?
Chop them up for dog meat?
You know what?
You got your own thoughts, huh?
Company parrot?
l'd rather be a fucking parrot... Parrot!
...than a fucking vulture!
Fucking vulture! Parrot! Parrot!
You think you're the solution, man?
You're the problem!
I'm the problem?
You're the fucking problem!
Hey! When the pissing
contest is over,
may I have some help?
So what do you want me to do? You want
me to put you two on the boat, is that it?
Yeah. But I can't run
if I can't walk.
I'm sorry, baby,
l just don't fly with joints anymore.
We're gonna have to switch
over to Alva for that insertion.
That bitch
almost killed me.
Well, that's your side
of the fairytale, isn't it?
But l'll tell you something. lt warms my
cock that you're still sore about that.
Have a seat.
Another one, Mom?
- Yeah, baby, another one.
So let Mama
work a minute.
That's Little Alva.
Hey.
Hello.
Before we start,
I'm gonna need to know
about all your other artiforgs.
What do you mean?
You put most of them in.
Beth, humor me.
Ears, Vocar.
Opticor eyes.
My liver is a Hexa-Tan from a
specialty house in Denmark.
My kidneys are actually
two different models.
One is a Union generic.
The other one
didn't
hold up so well.
Lord, I thought she was
gonna go on forever.
Wait. Don't you need her
to tell you the rest?
Nah, that's just my version of "Count
back from 100." All right, baby, you're up.
What are we doing?
- A new knee.
What? She's the surgeon?
Yeah, I just do
anesthesia these days.
The little one's
got the steadier hand.
She's five!
She's nine, actually,
but she's been doing this
since she was four.
Ain't that right, pumpkin? Shh!
l almost got it.
Yay!
l feel like
break dancing.
Go on, then.
Hop along.
Wait.
Stay here.
Beth, let's
get out of here.
All right, all right, all right,
I'm coming. U-man number two, huh?
Man, you guys regen
like a cancer...
Beth.
All right...
lt just goes on
like that for awhile.
How'd you find us?
Found you the same way
you would have found me.
l see what's
going on here.
l get this.
l get it. I do.
But I can make this right with Frank.
All you got to do is you
got to come back with me.
Beth, wait there.
l'll deal with you later.
No.
l can't go back.
That's who
you are, man.
That's who you are.
Not anymore.
Not since the accident.
There you go again
with the accident!
lf I had known that you were going to be such a
pussy
about the accident...
What?
What, you thought
it was fate?
Sort of karmic plan to get
you right with the world?
ls that
what you thought?
Jake...
Let me tell you,
the cosmos,
it doesn't know shit
about swapping out
electrical leads.
You rigged
the defib unit.
Didn't you?
For what?
So l'd build up debt so l
wouldn't transfer to sales?
You're not a salesman, man!
You never would've been. You never could be!
All you had to do was
just to keep working.
You and me,
doing our thing.
You're fucking crazy,
do you know that?
You could have
killed me.
l tried to
save your life.
I'm not going with you.
Well, I'm not
letting you go.
God!
God.
Let's go, buddy.
No!
You owe it
to yourself.
You've done this
a thousand times!
Buddy, you and me,
we're always gonna be Repo.
- Stay with me.
- Always.
There is no way out of the system!
You screwed that up
when you pulled your little
stunt with the bar codes!
Hey, wake up.
Wake up.
Come on, get up.
You okay?
Uh-uh.
We got to go.
Raid! Repo!
Raid, raid!
Go! Go! Go!
Raid!
Fuck!
Help me! Please, help!
Where'd they go?
Singing my favorite song.
Okay.
Wait.
Back off!
Give me one reason
why I shouldn't
pull this trigger.
Welcome to your
world, Repo Man.
Come back inside.
We can stay here
until we find a way out.
There is no way out.
Stop, please.
Not for anyone.
Wherever we go,
wherever we hide, they'll find us.
That's what they do.
That's what I did.
What do you
want to do?
Finish this.
Okay, so we go to headquarters
and find the pink door...
We go to headquarters,
we find the pink door, we wipe the system.
No more accounts.
Nobody's overdue.
That's easy.
Here he is.
Hmm?
Peanut.
Dad!
Thanks for bringing him.
l can't believe you let it get this far.
Just let me have
a minute with my son.
Who's she?
Carol, shall we do this on the train?
Come on.
Frank and Jake are calling
me three times a day,
trying to find you.
l haven't got time
for this.
All I'm asking for is a few minutes with Peter.
Do you think
I'm having a good time
trying to raise him on my own?
Mom! Dad.
Peter, I'm talking!
l didn't have
a fucking choice!
You think I wanted to just
walk away from the situation?
Give me a moment
with my son.
Oh, I'm sure
that's exactly what you like,
for your problems to just walk
away and just disappear.
That's not...
Peter!
That was
very naughty.
Very, very naughty
what you just did.
Come on, come on,
we gotta go.
When you're old enough,
you read this.
And if you still want to see your old man,
l'll be in Punta del Este.
Can you say that?
Punta del Este.
l love you.
Look after your mum.
Hi.
Come on. Again?
So, what's the plan?
Wait here.
My feet are
always freezing.
What? The cotton socks
don't work?
l always wear cotton socks.
Hey, who's this guy?
Sir, this is
a restricted area.
lt's all about
who you know.
So what is it,
bright pink or pale pink?
l don't know.
You see a pink door, you go for it.
Let's go.
Come on.
Oi!
This is it?
Oh, shit.
Union men.
What are we going to do?
Fuck.
Grab the ax.
Freeze!
- Don't move!
- Drop it now!
Your weapons!
Drop your weapons! Do it now!
Anyone comes through
that door, kill them.
Hacksaw!
Please make your way
to the nearest exit.
This is not a drill.
Have a nice day.
Go on.
Make a delivery.
Please make your way to the nearest exit.
This is not a drill.
Beth!
Great! That's just
fucking great!
There's no keyboard.
So?
So, if there's no keyboard,
how can I get into the system?
How do I wipe
the accounts?
Maybe there's a different way.
Using what?
l don't know.
An interface or something.
Look at it, Beth,
it's a scanner. That's it.
Even if we were just...
l mean, we...
The only...
The only way out
of the system...
ls what?
The only way out of the
system is to repo ourselves.
Can't get in
without a forg.
We're surrounded
by the fucking things.
Please make your way to the nearest exit.
This is not a drill.
You're kidding, right?
Stop it.
No. Stop it.
No!
Beth.
We'll die.
We can fight
our way back out.
We didn't come all this way to run back out.
Help me.
Wait.
l can't.
Beth.
l can't dance
the mambo alone.
Please deposit one artiforg
in reclaim drawer.
Have a nice day.
Please make your way
to the nearest exit.
This is not a drill.
Have a nice day.
Stay with me.
Always.
Only one left,
all right?
Only one left.
Don't go now.
What are
you doing?
I'm losing her.
There's only one left.
Oh, Jesus,
this is fucking pathetic. Finish it.
Stay with me!
ls it really
worth it?
ls she really
She's worth
every job we ever did.
End it, Jake.
Now.
All right, then.
Enough of this bullshit.
l'll do it myself.
Beth.
Give her a shot.
Just give her a shot.
We're out.
Please deposit 11 artiforgs
in reclaim drawer.
Have a nice day.
We're not out
yet, buddy.
Not yet.
Scorched earth.
Just like you told the kid.
Romans...
They were some badasses.
Artiforg not recognized.
Lockdown in effect.
An administrator
will be with you shortly.
Have a nice day.
Every day
Will be like a holiday
Mmm.
Christ, it's hot.
lt's the tropics.
Yeah, I know.
lt's hot.
Are you going to stay here and act macho,
or come and have some fun?
Christ, it's hot. Huh?
Macho.
Sounds kind of fruity.
Peter had it published.
"An instant classic.
"The depths of this author's
insights are astonishing."
Am I in this?
What's happening?
It's just a glitch.
It'll sort itself out.
There. All better.
See? His endorphins are up,
limbic system's running strong.
Hey, hey, you guys
take it easy.
l want him to be
comfortable. All right?
Yes, sir.
Nothing to worry about.
lf that hook had
hit him any lower,
it might have
posed a problem.
The M.5 Neural Net
is top of the line.
What's he thinking about?
No way to know.
Yeah, but he's
happy right now.
As long as someone's
paying for the system.
There's 50 commissions right there.
That'll take care of his heart,
that'll take care of the
down payment on the M.5.
The Union can dock my pay for the rest.
Hey, sir. Sir!
This one's
still alive.
Leave her.
l'll take care of her.
Hold.
Sweet dreams, buddy.
For extensive
neurological injuries,
l'd have to recommend
the M.5 Neural Net.
We're running a special
on it this month,
18% for the first year,
24% after that.
Why should your loved one pass on
just because of a little brain damage?
That's barbaric.
That's just bad science.
With the M.5 Neural Net,
yesterday's dreams are today's reality.
Imagine your loved ones living
out the rest of their natural lives
in a world where they are always happy,
always content,
and always taken care of.
You owe it to your family.
You owe it to yourself.
A little fruit
for the fruit?
Why not?
Cheers.
Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from www.OpenSubtitles.org